0. How many different colors does each format support?

        GIF = 256 (8-bit color)
        JPEG = 16 million (24-bit color)
        BMP = 4 billion (32-bit color)
        PNG = 16 million (24-bit color)
    
1.  Which of the formats support animation?

        GIF
        
2.  What's the difference between lossy and lossless compression?

        Lossless compression refers to a compressed file that can be restored back into its original form 
        with zero loss of information, whereas lossy compression truncates pieces of information and cannot
        be restored its original form.
        
3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?

        JPEG
        
4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?

        The reference to the file is deleted from the file allocation table, however 
        several file data elements remain unchanged on the disk volume until other data overwrites it.
5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you deleted cannot be recovered?

        Using a secure delete option will overwrite the deleted files with random data over several passes
        (i.e. Gutmann method which overwrites with random data 35 times).
        
6.  What is stdint.h?

        stdint.h is a library header provides a set of typedefs that specify exact-width integer types. 
        
7.  What's the point of using unit8_t, unit32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
    
        uint8_t is an unsigned (non-negative values only) 8-bit integer type (a byte). These are typedef aliases for integer types
        that provide programs with better compatibility across various operating systems, since a 32-bit OS would otherwise 
        interpret integer width differently than a 64-bit OS. 
        
8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
    
        BYTE = 1 byte (8 bits)
        DWORD = 4 bytes (32 bits)
        LONG = 4 bytes (32 bits)
        WORD = 2 bytes (16 bits)

9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? 
    (Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"
    
        The first two bytes (WORD) of the file contain the characters "BM" (ASCII) or "0x42 0x4D" (Hex) that constitute bfType, 
        which is the signature field within BITMAPFILEHEADER struct that identifies the file type as BMP. 
    
10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?

        bfSize stores the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file. biSize stores the number of bytes required by the 
        structure.

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?


12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?

16. What does fseek do?

17. What is SEEK_CUR?

18. Whodunit?
